so all these will is gonna be
really nice just to make like a
little bit of a jerky back
you don't want too much bulk
there was a jerk he needs to dry
fast
it's nearly 60 degrees in
southern Utah at those
temperatures meat will spoil in
as little as two hours
if that fails to get a supply
preserve quickly to lose vital
rations before he knows for sure
the land still has all the
resources he needs to survive
you know I like to spend my jerk
you acts up in the tree away
from other animals that might be
interested in eating it
mountain lions that come through
here a lot of times and there
are raccoons as well so i'm
going to try to stabilize a
little bit more and these young
shoots are still very moist and
flexible so I can use those of
binding a federal pull too tight
so far I mean it looks good it
feels really good to be back but
i still have a lot to do to
settle back into camp
I didn't bring all the resources
I need for this moment because i
just got back here so just
making do what I can
this all i'm going to use for
basically coating the meat
it's going to help the jerky
taste a little bit better and
act as the observer tea
now the jerky racks built in
main thing at this point is just
to hoist it up away from animals
off the ground safe this week I
brought it with me
I'll give me going for a little
while hopefully i can start
finding other food